Political and economic crises have
placed energy security front and centre.
And as new energy transition scenarios are
unfolding, they've forced us to question
basic assumptions about how
the energy transition will play out.
Can we really get to net zero while also
maintaining energy security
and affordability?
We surveyed 500 senior executives
in energy and hard-to-abate industries
to find out how they are tackling this
energy trilemma to balance energy security
and access to sustainable energy,
respondents say their top priority is
to invest in lower-carbon sources
of energy, including natural gas.
57 per cent say they plan to make new investments
in natural gas, or LNG,
and 30 per cent say they plan to make new
investments in hydrogen in the future.
But existing technology is not enough
to get us to net zero by 2050.
Without major investment,
innovation and collaboration,
we can't achieve net zero by 2050.
Read the Baker Hughes Energy Transition Pulse
to find out how energy and industry
can tackle the energy trilemma —
balancing energy security,
sustainability and affordability.